Experience (Buckets)
How many years have you been doing data visualization?
What is your educational background?
What was your major?
Did you learn how to do data visualization in school or did you learn how to do it on your own?
What method do you think best teaches data visualization?
Did you set out to work in data visualization?
Is this your first job where data visualization is a part of your responsibilities?
What is your official job title?
Is your total compensation in-line with Software Engineers and UX/UI/Designer roles at your level?
What focus is data visualization in your work?
For your current role or the majority of your projects: were you hired to do data visualization only or is data visualization a part of your job/project description?
Do you do more or less data visualization than you expected for this role?
What's your employment status
How is your organization using data visualization?
Is there a separate group that does data visualizations or are you embedded in another group? (data science, UX, UI, web, data engineering, IT, etc)
What modes of data visualization are in use at your organization?
Do you feel the leadership in your organization has a strong understanding of the value of data visualization?
Data visualization roles at your organization are found in what part of the organization?
How many hours a day are focused on creating/implementing/productizing data visualizations?
How many hours a day are focused on data engineering?
How many hours a day are focused on data science?
How many hours a day are focused on design?
How many hours a day are focused on data prep work?
How many hours a day are focused on building your portfolio?
What technologies do you use to visualize data?
Are you able to choose your own tools or are the choices made for you?
How do you present your data visualizations?
Which of these charts have you used in production in the last 6 months:
Who do you make data visualizations for?
What knowledge level do they have of the data you are visualizing for them?
How often do they consume your data visualizations?
What do they use your data visualizations for?
How would you describe your relationship with stakeholders?
I have adequate resources to explore the data visualization options I want to use. 
I aspire to be better at: 
What is your biggest frustration with doing data visualization in your job?
If you could change one thing about your data visualization work what would it be?
What do you think other people in your organization just don’t get about the data visualization work that you do?
I want to make better visualizations but don’t have the time/energy/resources.
I’m always on the lookout for new data visualization tools and techniques that will make my workflows faster and more efficient.
What one change would make the data visualization aspect of your job better?
What community support / discussions / advice would you want to see from data visualization thought leaders?
Who do you look to as a thought leader in data visualization?
Do you want to spend more time or less time visualizing data in the future?
Gender
Age
Where do you live?
The organization you work for is in which of the following?