Have you studied data visualization in school (or other formal environment) or did you learn how to do it on your own?
What methods do you think best teach data visualization?
What area is your next priority for improving your data visualization skills?
Are you a freelancer/consultant?
What focus is data visualization in your work?
For the majority of your projects: were you hired to do data visualization only or is data visualization a part of your job/project description?
Do you do more or less data visualization than you expected for this role?
Which one of these is the closest to describing your role?
What is your yearly pay?
What is your hourly rate?
How is your organization using data visualization? Select all that apply.
Is there a separate group dedicated to creating data visualization or are data visualization specialists embedded in another group? (data science, UX, UI, web, data engineering, IT, etc)
What modes of data visualization are in use at your organization? Select all that apply.
Leadership in your organization has a strong understanding of the value of data visualization.
Data visualization at your organization features prominently in what parts of the organization? Select all that apply.
Hours a week focused on creating/implementing/productizing data visualizations?
Hours a week focused on data engineering?
Hours a week focused on data science?
Hours a week focused on design?
Hours a week focused on data prep work?
Hours a week focused on building your portfolio?
What technologies do you use to visualize data? Select all that apply.
Are you able to choose your own tools or are the choices made for you?
How do you present your data visualizations? Select all that apply.
Which of these charts have you used in production in the last 6 months? Select all that apply.
Who do you make data visualizations for? Select all that apply.
What knowledge level does your audience have of the data you are visualizing for them? Select all that apply.
Most typically, how often does your audience use your data visualization?
What does your audience use your data visualization for? Select all that apply.
How would you describe your relationship with stakeholders?
I have adequate resources to explore the data visualization options I want to use.
What is your biggest frustration with doing data visualization in your job?
If you could change one thing about your data visualization work what would it be?
What do you think other people in your organization just don’t get about the data visualization work that you do?
I want to make better visualizations but don’t have the time/energy/resources.
I’m always on the lookout for new data visualization tools and techniques that will make my workflows faster and more efficient.
My skills hold me back much more than my tools do.
What one change would make the data visualization aspect of your job better?
What community support / discussions / advice would you want to see from data visualization thought leaders?
Who do you look to as a thought leader in data visualization?
Do you want to spend more time or less time visualizing data in the future?
How many years of experience do you have doing professional data visualization?
What is your educational background
The organization you work for is in which of the following areas?
If you went to college, what did you major in during your undergraduate work?
What's your gender identity?
Do you consider yourself a member of the LGBTQ+ community?
What city do you live in?
What country do you live in?
What non-programming languages do you use regularly?
