Timestamp
How many years have you been doing data visualization?
What is your educational background?
How did you learn to create data visualization?
Did you set out to work in data visualization or did you fall into it?
Is this your first job doing data visualization?
What is your official job title?
Is your total compensation in-line with Software Engineers and UX/UI/Designer roles at your level?
What focus is data visualization in your work?
For your current role or the majority of your projects: were you hired to do data visualization only or is data visualization a part of your job/project description?
What's your employment status
How is your organization using data visualization?
Is there a separate group that does data visualizations or are you embedded in another group? (data science UX UI web data engineering IT etc)
What level of data visualizations are used at your organization?
Are data visualization specialists represented in the leadership of your organization?
Data visualization roles at your organization are found in what part of the organization?
Percent of your day focused on creating/implementing/productizing data visualizations?
Percent of your day focused on data engineering?
Percent of your day focused on data science?
Percent of your day focused on design?
Percent of your day focused on data prep work?
What technologies do you use to visualize data?
Are you able to choose your own tools or are the choices made for you?
How do you present your data visualizations?
Which of these charts have you used in production in the last 6 months:
Who do you make data visualizations for?
What knowledge level do they have of the data you are visualizing for them?
How often do they consume your data visualizations?
What do they use your data visualizations for?
How would you describe the relationship?
What is your biggest frustration with your job?
What is your biggest frustration with doing data visualization in your job?
If you could change one thing about your job what would it be?
If you could change one thing about your data visualization work what would it be?
What do you think other people in your organization just don’t get about the data visualization work that you do?
What one change would make your job better?
What community support / discussions / advice would you want to see from data visualization thought leaders?
Who do you look to as a thought leader in data visualization?
Do you want to spend more time or less time visualizing data in the future?
Gender
Age
Where do you live?
What’s your ethnicity?
The organization you work for is in which of the following?